# ❤️ Hitpoints (HP)

How much hp a player has is largely determined by their class. Creatures have a base hp value of 20, and then a value that they add each level, <mark style="color:red;">**including level one**</mark>. Classes and creatures all fall under one of the following categories based on their play style. See chart below for more details.

<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="134"></th><th width="80"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Class Type</td><td>HP/lvl</td><td> Description</td></tr><tr><td>Specialist</td><td>6</td><td>Specialist creatures rely almost solely on spellcasting and supernatural abilities. They have a great many skills in their repertoire. They tend to have unusual defensive qualities, but a few solid hits are usually enough to take them down.</td></tr><tr><td>Mixed</td><td>8</td><td>Mixed creatures tend to be somewhere in between martials and specialists. They usually combine supernatural abilities and spells with weapon strikes or are capable of doing either, but not quite as well as a martial or specialist.</td></tr><tr><td>Martial</td><td>10</td><td>Martials creatures have limited supernatural abilities that aren't directly tied to weapon attacks, however they tend to have a bit more nuance to their strategy than brutes. They usually have high attack and AC.</td></tr><tr><td>Brute</td><td>12</td><td>Brute creatures rely almost solely on hitting things very hard to solve all their problems. On top of high hp, they usually have other extraordinary defensive qualities like damage reduction, resistance and healing. They usually require heavy focus to take down.</td></tr></tbody></table>

