Taka the Tourist is an [[anime]] that has made it her life's mission to try and make the world feel a bit more interconnected. She does this by insisting her followers go out and see more of the world, as much as they can. She and her followers create little outposts called Tourist outposts, and are the closest thing thing that Tourism has to temples. Tourists, as one might expect, are often nomadic and do not have countries, [[+Races]] or even many settlements where Tourism is the dominant religion.

There is one location in particular that Tourists hold above all others: Auroras. It is a tiny settlement far to the north in the icy mountainous region of [[The Land of Storms]]. Aside from the low temperature and the treacherous journey to get there, one would be hard pressed to find a more idyllic natural beauty in the world. It is one of the few places in the Land of Storms that is not plagued by terrible weather. This eye of the storm is blessed with clear skies, an ocean view and brilliant lights filling the sky at night. Every Tourist is expected to make the pilgrimage to Auroras at least once in their life, and Taka will often accompany groups of people who seek this location.

Taka herself is a dark-haired bright eyed Anime woman who prefers style over function. She likes stylish jackets and stylized art on her clothing. She wields an ancient looking broken sword as a handicap to keep fights interesting, since her relatively average looking appearance causes many to not realize the dangers that fighting her brings. Only against worthy opponents does the sword actually reveal its true form.

Her motto is "Together apart, together in your heart."