# 🐈‍⬛ Banes

<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="113"></th><th width="213"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Roll</td><td>Name</td><td>Bane</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>Soft Spoken</td><td>Your voice is very quiet. Your natural speaking voice is a whisper and shouting to you is speaking normally to most others.</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>Thin</td><td>Decrease your max hp by 3</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Wanted/Indebted</td><td>Someone out there has a bounty on your head. Expect there to be an organization or group (of a similar level) trying to bring you to justice, or collect the money they are owed (10,000g).</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>Extra Screening</td><td>Guards of all creeds will stop you without fail to inspect you for anything suspicious.</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>WE'RE GONNA DIE</td><td>You are shaken 1 while below half hp.</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td>LOW HP</td><td>Whenever a creature lives with &#x3C;5 hp, you know. Roll a luck check (DC 10) or be taunted by it on your next turn.</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td>Mana Burnt</td><td>Your mana pool decreases by 1</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>Genetic Failure</td><td>You only get 1 minor trait from your race.</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>Allergies</td><td>At the start of each day roll a DC 3 luck check. Failure means your allergies are acting up and you are sickened 1 for the day.</td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td>No Ragrets</td><td>You have a silly, unsavory or inappropriate tattoo that you got when you were younger in a very obvious spot, like the neck, face, or covering a large portion of your arms/legs/back/chest.</td></tr><tr><td>11</td><td>Addiction</td><td>You have cravings. Alcohol, pancakes, picture of colorful birds. You must have it. You must spend 100 gold on these things each week. You can preemptively spend money to get you through the future.<br>If you ever can't satisfy your addiction, you are fatigued until you do.</td></tr><tr><td>12</td><td>Bad Luck Brian</td><td>You must look like a well-renowned criminal, or share the name of some ancient demon. For whatever reason, commoners don't seem to trust you.</td></tr><tr><td>13</td><td>Tourretes</td><td>Whenever you fail a skill check, you spout out a curse word or phrase, leaning towards a specific one more often than not.</td></tr><tr><td>14</td><td>Stalker</td><td>There is an unusual person or creature that follows you wherever you go. They try to evade you if pursued.</td></tr><tr><td>15</td><td>Excommunicated</td><td>You start off with T0 favor with a god relevant to the story.</td></tr><tr><td>16</td><td>Wounds Teach</td><td>Subtract 1 from all sources of healing.</td></tr><tr><td>17</td><td>Momma's Boy</td><td>You live with your mom. You need to get permission from them before you leave for anything that you aren't home in time for dinner, or past your bedtime.<br>If you travel frequently, mom's coming with.</td></tr><tr><td>18</td><td>Unfortunate Events</td><td>Get a -2 penalty to serendipity checks.</td></tr><tr><td>19</td><td>Chadington</td><td>Any love interests you form will always have competition from someone far more intelligent, handsome, and successful than yourself, known to you as soon as you make a move.</td></tr><tr><td>20</td><td>Attached</td><td>You have a special item (such as from your childhood) that you hold close to your heart. While it is not on your person, you are shaken 1. if it is ever lost or destroyed, you are shaken 1 for 1 week before you get attached to a new object.</td></tr></tbody></table>
