---
icon: tombstone
---

# Resurrection Chart

When a character is resurrected, roll a d4.

| 1   | Bad     |
| --- | ------- |
| 2-3 | Neutral |
| 4   | Good    |

&#x20;

After that roll your respective chart. Characters with positive luck can decide to reroll their result. Characters with negative luck roll twice and have the DM decide what effect happens.

&#x20;

Bad stuff

<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="140"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Dice Roll</td><td>Result</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>Mini Me: A childlike mini version of yourself is resurrected alongside you. Mini Me is a simple creature that is happy with life as long as it gets to travel with you. If Mini Me is separated from you for 3 days, your max hp decreases by 5 until you reunite. If separated for 3 months, it dies and this max hp decrease becomes permanent.</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>All you felt in death was drowning.  Now you are deathly afraid of water.  If forced to swim, automatically start drowning in water, fail all swim checks.</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Extreme Fear (DC 10 luck check or be frightened, roll until succeed per combat) of creature/creature type that killed you.</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>You are comatose for 1 week.  Your body cannot move but you can still sense everything happening around you.</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>Res Functions as reincarnate</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td>An enemy that you killed at some point is resurrected at the same time as you.  They want revenge, their new purpose is to destroy you at all cost.</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td>Fear of Mortality: You start combat shaken 1 until you or your allies defeat a foe.</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>Soul Lag: Your body is slower than you remember.  -2 to initiative</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>You physically age 3d12 years.</td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td>Celestials sense great evil within you.  Take a –4 penalty to charisma checks with celestials.</td></tr><tr><td>11</td><td>You cannot lie. Only through omission can you not speak the truth.</td></tr><tr><td>12</td><td>Curse of Frogg Saran: The first round of every combat you are a frog (see gods: frogg saran).</td></tr><tr><td>13</td><td>Eternal Rest: You take a -4 penalty to saving throws against sleep effects.</td></tr><tr><td>14</td><td>During your short eternity you were very "close" with a creature from the beyond.<br>If male, a child will find you claiming to be your spawn. If female, a surprise is growing within you.</td></tr><tr><td>15</td><td>Big Hands: Your hands increase in size by 50%.</td></tr><tr><td>16</td><td>Biggest Fan: A particularly sneaky and intelligent undead creature will follow you around constantly and try to hang out with you. If killed, it reforms in the nearest graveyard and continues its quest to hang out.</td></tr></tbody></table>

&#x20;

&#x20;

Neutral

<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="133"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Dice Roll</td><td>Result</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>A single horn grows from the center of your forehead. If you already had one, you grow another of to the side.</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>You suddenly speak a random language.  You also lose one of your old languages (other than common).</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Whenever you attack, you attack nonlethally. Cannot kill another creature.</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>You awaken with a brand on your ass.  Asking the right people will reveal who did it (a strange imp).  Speaking with them may reveal a way to remove it.</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>Another soul latched onto you.  You can communicate with it if you concentrate. Sometimes pops into your thoughts. (luck check to see how good/helpful this soul is, higher is better)</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td>Grow a(n additional) tail.</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td>You look like a rotting corpse in your reflection.</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>You now constantly know the time of day no matter the condition. Your sense of time is impeccable.</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>You grow antennae with a keen sense of touch.</td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td>Your senses have become a bit jumbled. You now smell with your ears, hear with your eyes, see with your tongue, and can taste and touch with your entire body.</td></tr><tr><td>11</td><td>Swap Genders</td></tr><tr><td>12</td><td><p>The Fates had determined you were to be reincarnated, but the ritual has cheated them. You are haunted by dreams of a young couple mourning the loss of the newborn you were to be. Every month or so, you will have dreams and nightmares as the childless couple, your parents, try and fail to grow their family. Over the years they grow bitter, bicker with one another, and live miserable lives.</p><p>Only finding them and apologizing will make the dreams stop.</p></td></tr><tr><td>13</td><td> </td></tr><tr><td>14</td><td>Whatever killed you leaves a horrific scar that can never be removed (savage burns, large gashes etc).</td></tr><tr><td>15</td><td>Your eyes turn a solid color (ROYGBIV+black+white+gray)</td></tr><tr><td>16</td><td>Mood Eyes: (Red=mad, blue=sad, pink=affection, orange=happy, yellow=surprise, Violet=disgust, black=afraid).</td></tr><tr><td>17</td><td>You can read written text via touch.</td></tr><tr><td>18</td><td>A tattoo of a celestial marks the entirety of your back.  (A DC 20 planes check reveals its effect).  The next time one of your close allies or friends dies near you, you immediately die and their life is restored.</td></tr><tr><td>19</td><td>Share Memory: You gain a significant memory of the creature that killed you or a significant creature that contributed to your death.</td></tr><tr><td>20</td><td>Green Thumb: All plants you tend to manage to pull through somehow.  Plants like you.</td></tr><tr><td>21</td><td>Blessing(?) of Frogg Saran: 1/hour you can fire sliced cheese from your hand as a ranged attack. It harmlessly slaps against your opponent, but it might confuse them, make them paranoid, make them laugh or make them realize the power you hold.</td></tr><tr><td>22</td><td>You come back slightly resembling another creature type. (1-Aberration, 2-Fiend, 3-Celestial, 4-Fey, 5-Construct, 6-Animal, 7-Plant, 8-Dragon).  There is no particular mechanical change with this, but people might treat you differently due to your appearance change.</td></tr><tr><td>23</td><td>The sound of a truly epic (fiendish/celestial) performance accompanies the resurrection.</td></tr><tr><td>24</td><td>You are haunted by the ghost of Big Smoke.  He doesn’t actually exist for anyone other than you.  He exclusively calls you CJ, asks you about food and keeps talking about a train.</td></tr><tr><td>25</td><td> </td></tr><tr><td>26</td><td>Stone Faced: Almost all facial gestures you make are very subtle compared to what they used to be.  You get a +4 bonus to deception checks but suffer a –4 penalty to all other charisma checks.</td></tr><tr><td>27</td><td>Stone Face: Your face is made out of stone, almost as though your face is just a mask that is impossible to take off.</td></tr><tr><td>28</td><td>Can I Keep it?: A small undead animal is bound to your soul and relies on you to exist.  it stays within 5 feet of you and acts as you wish.  If it moves beyond this range it teleports back to you.</td></tr><tr><td>29</td><td>There is always a frog somewhere in your field of vision.  When you look at it, it changes position to be at the edge again.  Everybody else can interact with this frog normally.</td></tr><tr><td>30</td><td>Love at First Sight: You now have a crush on someone present during the resurrection (decide randomly).</td></tr><tr><td>31</td><td>Anchor Arms: The muscles in your arms appear to grow incredibly large, but it does not affect your strength. If you already had high strength, they get even bigger. If you had low strength, you look ridiculous.</td></tr><tr><td>32</td><td>Floofy: Your hair grows incredibly long and other parts of your body get exceptionally fluffy. Floofyness +2</td></tr><tr><td>33</td><td>Censorship: When naked, natural elements of the terrain move to maintain modesty.</td></tr></tbody></table>

&#x20;

Good Stuff

<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="122"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Dice Roll</td><td>Result</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>You understand, write and speak all (non-secret) languages</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>There is an incomplete map tattooed to your back.  It's enough to get the rough idea of where it may be leading, but just barely.</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>A friend or some other helpful person gets resurrected at the same time as you. They appear lying next to you. They are eternally bound to you, immortal as long as you live.</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>Second Sight: You grow a perpendicular third eye on your forehead.  You can use this eye to cast detect thoughts 1/day.</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td>Spirit Limbs: You can interact with incorporeal creatures as though they were corporeal with physical body.</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td>Living among the dead you learned the secret of the flesh. Consuming corpse parts lets you see how they died.   Biting people gives you insight into their feelings of you.</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td>Your spirit is forever bound to a small item near the location of your resurrection.  Should you ever get 30ft away from this item, you are defeated until it Is returned to you. You cannot die while this item is within 30 feet of you.</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>Dragon Sight: The area around your eyes is coated in scales and your eye color changes to match.  You gain night vision.</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td>You lived as an animal during your time of death.  You now feel a kinship towards animals and can speak with them.</td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td>Hellion say "you smell like home." +4 to charisma checks with hellion and fiends.</td></tr><tr><td>11</td><td>You can grow and shed your hair into any shape/length you please at will.</td></tr><tr><td>12</td><td>You mysteriously gain a piece of knowledge.  You can call upon this knowledge whenever you make an intelligence-based check.  You automatically succeed.  When you use this, the knowledge fades and you can't use feature again.</td></tr><tr><td>13</td><td>You gain the ability to play instruments out of thin air.   Like an air guitar, but with all instruments.  You get a +4 bonus to all instrument-based perform checks.</td></tr><tr><td>14</td><td>You no longer need to sleep and can enter the dreams of adjacent sleeping creatures.  Though they are the masters of their own world and can force you to leave.</td></tr><tr><td>15</td><td>You are now incredibly knowledgeable on the creature that killed you, as though you succeeded on a monster lore check to identify all its features.</td></tr><tr><td>16</td><td>Blood Sight: By sacrificing 15 ft of movement, you can focus on a visible creature.  This allows you see the rough percentage of hp they are missing. </td></tr><tr><td>17</td><td>You awaken from the resurrection with a non magical silver ring clasped in your hands.  It feels wrong to put it on anybody's hand who you don’t truly love. Once put on, DM decides if the love is true. If it isn't, the ring fades away. If it is, you gain a succ bond with them where both of you gain its benefits.</td></tr><tr><td>18</td><td>You can speak telepathically to creatures you are in direct contact with.</td></tr><tr><td>19</td><td>Whenever you bleed, you bleed water.  Creatures like vampires will be very disappointed.  Effects that require blood don’t function properly. You can still take bleed damage, however.</td></tr><tr><td>20</td><td>Read the Room: You can tell the attitudes of NPCs towards you just by looking at them (good, bad, neutral).</td></tr><tr><td>21</td><td>Blessing of Frogg Saran: You gain the ability to transform heathens into sweet rolls.  This functions like the besmolder's candy ray. This ability can only turn creatures into sweet rolls. 1/day.</td></tr><tr><td>22</td><td>You more closely resemble a (1-Hellion, 2-Exalted, 3-Fallen, 4-Geniekin).  You don't gain their racial features, but you can take their racial feats.</td></tr><tr><td>23</td><td>You no longer age and will essentially live until you are killed.</td></tr><tr><td>24</td><td>Be Right Back: As an immediate action you can choose to disappear from existence until the end of your next turn. 1/day.</td></tr><tr><td>25</td><td>Blessing of NJU: Gain a +8 bonus to an athletics check 1/day. Become fatigued for 1 minute after.</td></tr><tr><td>26</td><td>You no longer dream when you sleep.  When you do sleep, your spirit separates from your body and you are aware of your surroundings as you would be when you were awake. Only by taking damage or a creature spending a standard action to shake you can you wake up.</td></tr><tr><td>27</td><td>Cool hat: You acquired an exceptionally fancy hat worth 1k gold. It gives you an air of nobility when wearing it.</td></tr><tr><td>28</td><td>Mega Cookie: You are blessed by the bakers from the great beyond. This cookie can resurrect a creature that has been dead for less than 1 minute.</td></tr></tbody></table>
