
<span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">First, a spot of history...</span>
During the [[The Age of Dragons]], Muranith placed some of his power inside of rare gems and they were used as proxies to help teach others about magic that had been stolen from them by [[Drakthar, the World Ender]]. These gems were called "the [[Essence of Magic]]" for they took literally crystallized knowledge of specific types of magic in mana. It was this age that once again solidified ancient schools of magic like [[Necromancy]], [[Psionics]] and the [[Arcane]]. 

For centuries, this worked as intended. As the dawn of the new age came, these gems were used and abused by unsavory individuals who wished to consume the essences of magic for themselves to gain infinite power. Muranith decided that mortals had learned enough, and took back his these gems and hid them away in the far reaches of the world, or in other realms entirely.

<span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Dawn of a New Age</span>
Hundreds of years later, an organization by the name of [[Arc (L)]] emerged in response to the absurd advances in magical techniques. It created a system of haves and have nots where those who could use magic took over the world, and those that couldn't were second class citizens. At least that's how it was spun. Those wronged by mages didn't care much about the accuracy, and instead rallied behind Arc's leader, [[Darius]], who wanted to expose to the world the dangers of magic. He learned about the Essences of Magic when he discovered one during an archeological excavation. Despite how little magic training he had prior, he immediately became a master of conjuration (the closest analogue in modern times is [[God Mode]]). 

The stoic Darius revealed little about personal reasons as to why he became so obsessed with this goal. Perhaps the gem drove him mad and that was the reason Muranith took the essences away all those years ago. Nevertheless, Arc training involved rigorous anti-mage tactics, heavily relying on effects that disrupted the casting of spells. Using the essence of conjuration, Arc managed to develop the capacity to teleport entire armies, which they used in order to organize a full scale invasion of the biggest city in [[The Land of Earth]], [[Emferal]]. In addition to teleporting in large numbers of his own forces, Darius made deals with powerful [[Fiends]], allowing them to come to the [[Mortal Realm]] if only they turned their hatred of mortals towards the cities inhabitants first. He also received aid from [[Laira, The Sunken Sister]] who was an adept [[Necromancer]] interested in that particular essence of magic to add a healthy mix of undead to the mix. The battle was incredibly destructive, the city mostly reduced to rubble, but Arc's forces were eventually repelled by the members of an adventurer's guild known as [[The Goons]], forced to retreat again via teleportation, but the damage had already been done.

No battle of that scale every happened again in the age. This was mostly the result of the heroic deeds of [[Lance Crownguard]], [[Niv the Protector]] and their close allies hunting down Arc and its members. The battle of Emferal had significantly weakened Arc, to the point where they needed to rely on dubious deals with [[The Ravens]] in order to scrape by. Eventually all alliances collapsed and Darius was desperate. He used his power of teleportation to steal Lance's loved ones to goad him into a final confrontation. This culminated in a battle in a private [[Demiplane]] Darius had created in order to store the essences he managed to gather and suppress their power. There he destroyed them in a last act of defiance before he was swiftly struck down by Lance's daughter [[Cinder]]. 

<span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">The reverberating effects of the essences being destroyed</span> affected magic of all kinds. It was later referred to as "The Shattering." This event caused magic itself to be unstable. Every day of the week was plagued with a specific school of magic being completely unavailable, with the final day of each weak completely disabling all magic. The effects of the shattering lasted well into [[The Age of Darkness]] when [[Muranith]] was found in seclusion and convinced to return to rectify the events of the shattering.

Without its leader, Arc was little more than a band of bandits clinging to a recognizable name. Emferal was rebuilt, largely off of the back of a new age of discovery ushered in by [[Aria Lyra]] and her new inventions, [[Rocks]]. Lyra Corp was so profitable in fact that she was able to used all of the wealth and power she accumulated to eventually create an entirely new continent: [[The Brotherhood of Steel]]. The spiritual successor to the Goons, [[The Cinder Squad]], led by the titular Cinder, also played a major role in attracting all kinds of talent back to the destroyed town. Being a savior of the world has its perks for recruiting.

 It was also during this age that [[The Ravens]] reached the pinnacle of their power. Through a coordinated attack, they managed to control large swathes of land along the western coast of the Land of Earth, even spreading their influence into southwest and the [[Skyspear Peaks]]. There they sealed off the [[Kingdom of the Flying Boar]]'s land access to the rest of the world by placing taxes on travel trough Skyspear Valley, often called "Border Valley" because of its importance with trade between neighboring nations.