
<span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Dawn of a New Age</span>
The turn of the age to the Age of Darkness was marked by a great war that swept across the entire world. It was spearheaded by the 3 royal dark [[Elf]] factions that were unsealed from [[The Shadow Realm]] by a powerful shadowling simply known as "The Darkness." It first landed on Nack and plunged into the underground, burned by the light of day. Realizing if the world was to be plunged in darkness, it would need to remove the sun, so it began a process to consume it. Each day was shorter than the last as the sun was visibly covered in the sky.

The dark elves had a method of transforming surface dwelling elves into mindless drones that resembled their kind. One primary objective of the wars was to completely consume the elven population, and thus much of the fighting happened in [[The Land of Storms]]. [[The Flame Empire]] was at the peak of its power at this point in time and saw this as an opportunity to spread their empire to entirely new continents, and served as wartime allies to the forces of darkness. Always ready to pounce at opportunities to make money, [[The Ravens]] were also happy to facilitate the forces of darkness.

During this time, a few heroes emerged: [[Zeke, The Luckiest Man Alive]], [[Visa, The Oracle]] and [[Lale, The Eye of the Storm]]. They travelled the world to learn about the history of an ancient people that commanded light. Through their adventures, they became powerful enough to battle against many top generals, and even the elven queens themselves.

<span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">The fallout of this war was felt for many decades to come.</span> Slowly but surely the world returned to normalcy. With the deep elves and their forces defeated, any that remained scrambled into whatever dark corners of the world they thought they would not be found. The Land of Storms experienced yet another tragedy that decimated their population in the same generation. Many were spiteful and wanted to completely eliminate them all, so an organization was created to pay mercenaries to do it for them. Treaties were signed that provided them with reparations, at the expense of The Flame Empire.

Eventually the elves learned to distinguish the difference between those who were born dark elves, and those who were forcefully transformed. For decades, tens of thousands of prisoners were kept. Many suffered even worse fates thanks to the twisted creations of the evil queens via fleshwarping. Eventually, a foreign alchemist created a powerful serum that could restore their minds, and to an extent, change their bodies. They would lose the dark obsidian skin and turn a light purple or pinkish color. These elves, halfway between, are colloquially known as night elves.

In particular, the southern landmass of Simbasa filled with warring tribes was devastated by the spread of [[Shadowling]] taint. The entire southern coast was covered in a shade that allowed the shadowlings to continue roaming free. 