## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Hospitality</span>
Whenever you stay inside of a settlement, you are able to find lodging through sheer good will.  You and up to five creatures can stay at a denizen's house. You are fed and given basic supplies.  They are even willing to protect you should danger come knocking, but not risk their lives. Using this feature for many days in a short time frame in the same settlement makes the settlement incompatible with this ability. Certain monstrous or dangerous creatures may be off limits (such as giant carnivorous beast companions) without some convincing. 

In general you are an ally to the common folk and you will be privy to usually hidden information such as rising civil unrest, local crime usually kept quite through intimidation or secret passageways.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Noble Steed</span> [[Su]]
1/day you can conjure 6 shiny golden spectral horses. The horses have a speed of 60 and are intelligent enough to follow complex instructions given by the zealot. The horses last until you [[rest]]. These steeds can be mounted or dismounted as a free action 1/turn. They otherwise function as the [[horse]] bestiary entry, save for they cannot stampede or attack.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Judgement (Su)</span>
As an immediate action when a creature makes a statement (I did not kill the child, the food isn’t poisoned, my name is Bob), you can dispense judgment. You shout and your eyes glow as you point at them dramatically. The creature rolls a will save (with [[Advantage|Disadvantage]] if you passed an [[+Insight]] check to [[Detect Truth]]). If they pass nothing happens. If they fail, the truthfulness of their statement is revealed. They glow golden for a few seconds if the statement is truthful, they glow red if they are withholding pertinent information and they glow dark purple if they speak an outright lie. If the creature glows gold, this ability goes on a 10 minute cooldown.  Otherwise it is put on a 1 minute cooldown.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Commander (Su)</span>
As a free action you can decide to increase the distance your voice carries. Your voice can be easily heard as though you were shouting nearby from a distance of 500 feet.  Once per hour you can cause your voice to be heard 10 miles away for up to 1 minute.  Creatures can tell the general direction your voice comes from with this ability. Overuse of this ability will draw the ire of local citizens or creatures.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Vigilance (Su)</span>
When you perform a task that could be reasonably considered “keeping watch” such as at night on the road or as a guard to a party, you gain a +4 bonus to perception. You do not need to sleep in order to gain the benefits of rest, but the activities you do cannot be intense (reading, patrol, etc.).
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Sacred Vow (Su)</span>
You can bind creatures to their word. As part of a one minute ritual you can make a request to a willing creature (no killing people, no eating pizza, you must return home).  The creature must verbally agree (or the creature’s equivalent like telepathy) for the sacred vow to take hold.  You can set additional parameters (you must return home by x day, on foot, go through the trench not over it) as needed for the request to function. The creature who accepted the vow is now bound by their word.  If they take an action that is in direct violation of their vow, they must roll a will save or be unable to perform it for 24 hours. The zealot is aware of when the creature takes such an action, and whether they pass or fail the save against this effect, as well as some psychic impressions on the details (they decided to take a vacation on the way home, interrupted by bandits, death by snu snu).  They are immediately able to use sending to express their disappointment. This vow can only be removed by the zealot.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Under Arrest (Su)</span>
You can use your authority to make keeping an enemy alive as prisoner much easier.  With a one minute ritual requiring physical contact, you can give a creature the [[time out]] condition for 24 hours. A mark appears on the creature akin to a timepiece to indicate roughly how long is left before the effect wears off. 
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Halo (Su)</span>
You gain a glowing halo. This can vary in appearance based on your patron deity. In any case, it shows your unquestionable loyalty towards upholding good and honorable behavior. You are unable to roll [[+Deception]] to [[Convince Truth]] to creatures. In return, you will never be accused of committing crimes without direct clear involvement. You won't be looked upon with suspicion by law enforcement and will always be treated with respect by authority. Your words carry a great weight in matters concerning diplomacy, extermination of evil. and public safety, allowing you audience with powerful leaders such as commanders, kings and such with ease.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Protect the Innocent (Su)</span>
When an enemy decides to attack or use a harmful ability (defined as something the creature wants to resist) on an ally that is unconscious, a noncombatant, hostage or something similar while they can see the you (or sense you if the creature is like a slug or something), they must roll a will save or be taunted by the you for 1 minute. During this minute, the "innocent" is immune to damage/being moved by this creature. The basic idea is it will interrupt their turn before they already used their actions/movement, so try to be lenient so that way the zealot can get the pain they’re due for protecting innocents. GMs may want to consider having mercy on the zealot in something like a warzone, limiting this ability to only affect the immediate area.

You can even use this ability while [[Defeated]], though doing so will likely result in your death.
