
<span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Artemis vs Brazzeria</span>
Artemis is the goddess of the moon, redemption and secrets. It might seem strange to have two different good deities with a similar focus, but that is because [[Brazzeria]] has stolen Artemis' spot in the pantheon of Nack. The battle for relevance between herself and Brazzeria is what defines Artemis in the modern era, and unfortunately she is fighting a losing battle. They each have a slur they use to refer to each other. Brazzerians are referred to as "Moongaloids" and the followers of Artemis are called "Lunartics." 

<span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">The Slow Descent</span>
The tipping point for Brazzeria was during [[The Age of Magic]], when a paladin of Artemis, [[Lance Crownguard]], was tempted by a family of fiendish babes created by a demon lord. Brazzeria would disguise herself as Artemis and visit Lance to sway his thoughts and opinions during his adventure. His experience, his influence, his book, and later his conversion to becoming a Brazzerian would have far-reaching and sweeping impacts on the attitudes people had towards demons and creatures who resembled them like [[Hellion]]. This is where Brazzeria stepped in. The hellion of the world served as the perfect vessel for her ascension to greater heights. Where Brazzeria's influence spread, Artemis' waned. Nowadays only small communities or the people within the [[Scorched Plains]] still worship Artemis.

Brazzerians need to struggle in order to exist in societies they aren't already established thanks to their ideas surrounding intimacy and their close relationship with [[Fiends]]. Their extremely liberal approach can often butt heads with the traditional practices of wherever they find themselves. Their communities can feel suffocated by such conditions. Despite this, the active conversion of an entirely unique cohort, that being fiends, has payed off in the long run.

"The moongaloids are moving the world closer and closer to degenerate dystopia" is a common sentiment that is not without merit. With institutions like the [[Pleasure Parlor]] slowing creeping up in relevance, its clear that Brazzerian influence is on the rise and is not stopping any time soon.