---
icon: TiTrees
---
<span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Wonderland, the Emerald Dream, the Wild Lands. </span>The Feywilds has many names, but it all refers to the same place. A long time ago, a group of elven druids dreamed of a better world. One where humanity did not, and could not, corrupt the beauty found in nature. They developed magic to visit each other in dreams and create entirely new worlds to exist in while the slept. Sleep was so cumbersome that they eventually developed a technique called trance that would function similarly to sleep, but that could be slipped in and out of much more easily.

<span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">The waking and dreaming world blurred for some.</span> This caused problems in the mortal realm as many of their people grew increasingly disconnected from what only some considered reality. In secret, the dreamers gathered the research and mana required to perform an elaborate ritual that would forever blur the line between the real and the imaginary. This ritual to create this "dream world" was disturbed and violence ensued. For many, the dream turned into a nightmare. The thoughts, feelings, desires and fears on that day shaped what the Feywilds would become. The dreamers were successful at creating their own world, but not in exactly the way they had hoped.

<span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">The Feywilds is a plane that is entirely untamed wild land,</span> usually filled with lush green and other bright colors. Any attempts to disturb this natural order by clearing out trees and building structures causes negative feedback from the plane itself. Such structures never last long. The types of creatures that exist in the Feywilds, known as fey, are born from the imaginations of the dreamers. Due to how the ritual went awry, some areas of the dream became nightmares. Many of the dreamers' fey creations were capricious, but those born from the nightmares are outright despicable. The regions they inhabit are dark forests and mist filled swampland that one can never feel safe in.

<span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">The most well known creatures from the Feywilds are fairies.</span> They are creatures with a wide array of sizes, shapes and purposes. The typical fairy can fit in the palm of your hand and loves to lead people astray for the fun of it. Others work to protect the purity of creatures, conveniently censoring areas considered inappropriate. Then tooth fairies are sinister creatures with an obsession for collecting teeth, especially straight out of a living creature's skull. A few fairies, known as the great fairies due to their size, power and influence, create havens inside of the Feywilds and the mortal realm. These are the most well known ways to get to and from the Feywilds.

<span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Other noteworthy creatures include the eternal and hags.</span> The eternal are a race of creature imagined with many of the positive traits of elves, such as their ability to physically change through adulthood, their ability to introspect and learn from long periods of history. They exist in small groups, harmoniously with nature and their communities. The hags are much more sinister creatures. Witches of the wild, hags often live for hundreds of years, using magical rituals to even evade death. They keep in touch with their sisters and gather when they want to perform powerful magic. They have a soft spot in their hearts for mortals, whom they will assist, but always at a greater cost.