# Card Results

Roll your D20s!

<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="70"></th><th width="151"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>#</td><td>Name</td><td>Effect</td></tr><tr><td>1.</td><td>Discovery</td><td>Grant ally +4 to the next skill check made without proficiency</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Mastery</td><td>Grant ally +4 to the next skill check made with proficiency</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Wisdom</td><td>Get an answer for a question, as though using prayer instantly</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td>Strength</td><td>Grant ally +4 attack on next turn.</td></tr><tr><td>5.</td><td>Fortune</td><td>Grant ally advantage on next d20 roll. </td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td>Courage</td><td>Remove all shaken stacks and frightened condition from ally. They become immune until end of next turn.</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td>Patience</td><td>Disable all abilities that cost mana for ally for 1 round. Triple mana regen that turn.</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td>Peace</td><td>Ally is pacified and affected by sanctuary (protector 1)</td></tr><tr><td>9.</td><td>Love</td><td>Cast charming gaze (shira 1) on a creature</td></tr><tr><td>10.</td><td>Isolation</td><td>Cast vanish (moogen 1) on ally</td></tr><tr><td>11.</td><td>Companionship</td><td>Teleport an ally next to you, or teleport next to an ally.</td></tr><tr><td>12.</td><td>Wonder</td><td>Cast imagination (moogen 1) in a space with 60 ft.</td></tr><tr><td>13</td><td>Anger</td><td>Teleport ally adjacent to a visible foe within 60 ft of you. They are taunted by each other for 1 round</td></tr><tr><td>14</td><td>Mortality</td><td>Choose an ally. They appear dead as they enter stasis. Lasts until they desire to act or 1 minute, whichever comes first</td></tr><tr><td>15</td><td>Charity</td><td>Give another creature a swift action they must use immediately.</td></tr><tr><td>16</td><td>Determination</td><td>Grant ally 10 temp hp.</td></tr><tr><td>17</td><td>Protection</td><td>An impenetrable physical barrier appears next to ally, giving total cover from one direction. Disappears after 1 round. </td></tr><tr><td>18.</td><td>Mercy</td><td>Methods of attack ally uses that do not deal hp damage have advantage. Nonlethal effects have their DC increased by 2. Cannot deal hp damage. Last 1 round.</td></tr><tr><td>19</td><td>Sacrifice</td><td>Choose an ally. You take half the damage they take until the start of your next turn.</td></tr><tr><td>20</td><td>Impulsivity</td><td>Move ally to directly after you in initiative. If they have already acted this turn, they are dazed for 1 round after the granted turn.</td></tr></tbody></table>
