By going to specialized facilities, or by going to churches with gilded altars, an untrained creature can donate [[Mana]] via [[Mana Burn]]. A creature can safely donate up to one less than their maximum. There are usually safeguards against donating your max mana, but less savory individuals don't mind. Spending your max mana gives you the Tier 3 [[Affliction]] [[Mana Starvation]]. This means that most common people are only able to donate 1 Mana each day. Children typically do not possess enough Mana to safely donate.

Specialized facilities and gilded altars are incredibly expensive, typically costing hundreds of thousands of gold to craft. This makes it so facilities for mana donation tend to be rather sparse, only located in sizable settlements with magical and religious influence.

When mana is extracted, it is turned into a [[Mana Crystal]]. Mana Crystals are versatile and can change between states of matter, becoming either liquid or solid for ease of storage. Each point of mana can earn 5g in a mana extraction facility. In a church, it earns food and lodging for the day.
## Accumulation of Mana

Most religious services happen in the evening after work, so that way people may spend their mana as they wish during the day, and donate it at night if they wish. With large generous populations this can mean that you can amass large quantities of mana rather quickly. Because most people can only donate 1 mana, you can _almost_ 1:1 translate a population of donors to daily mana generation. Not everybody who donates has commoner tier mana, but at the same time, not everybody can always donate! So the 1:1 ratio is generally the go-to method of determining mana generation over time.

Again, not all places have the correct facilities, so this is often available in villages.