---
icon: user-beard-bolt
---

# Favor of Gods

The gods of have a vested interest in the goings on in the world of mortals, and what better way to get mortals to do your bidding then to give them your favor when they act in your interest? This system is designed to provide active incentives for characters to enact the will of the deities in the world: the more that you please a god with your actions, follow their tenets and donate to their causes, the more favor they grant to you.

The amount of favor that the gods provide to you is broken up into tiers. The first tier only grants minor boons. Trying to gain the favor of multiple gods only makes all of them hate you more: pick one and stick to it.

In general, you cannot earn the favor of a god by accident. In all but the most extreme cases, such as defeating the mortal enemy of a god, you must first learn about a deity to start gaining their favor. As such you cannot start accruing GBP until speaking with priests, cultists or froggs to learn more about what the gods desire.

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="160">Tier</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Tier 0<br>(negative GBP)</td><td>Enemies of the god. You either worship in opposing god, or you act in direct opposition to what the god wants. Followers of this god won't need much reason to deny you services or even attack you.</td></tr><tr><td>Tier 1<br>(1k+ GBP)</td><td>You believe in a god. You pray to them, you follow their basic tenets and you might even donate here and there. Most wisdom based classes start off here.</td></tr><tr><td>Tier 2<br>(10k+ GBP)</td><td>You are very active member of activities related to the god. You regularly fight and lay down your life to enact their will. You inspire others to join you in your mission to grow your god's following.</td></tr><tr><td>Tier 3<br>(100k GBP)</td><td>You are a champion of the god. The deeds that you have performed in their name are legendary. You have statues in your honor, your word is law and you have likely personally met and spoken to your god.</td></tr></tbody></table>

***

The tier a favor that you're at is determined by the amount of <mark style="color:red;">God Benediction Points (GBP)</mark> you earn through various tasks. Gods typically have more specific things they like, but common things to increase your GBP include:

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="196">Method</th><th>Details/Gains</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Donations</td><td>Gold/gem donations placed inside of a god's donation vessel (commonly found in churches dedicated to said god) disappear instantly to be used where it is most needed. You gain 1 GBP per 100 gold spent up to a cap of 1k. <br>Once you have 1k, you need 500 gold for 1 GBP.<br>Once you have 10k, you cannot gain more GBP from donations.</td></tr><tr><td>Offerings</td><td>Certain gods may accept specific items other than gold depending on their personalities, with points varying based on the items rarity or desirability. Poor or unwanted offerings can make creatures lose GBP.</td></tr><tr><td>Mana</td><td>You can <a href="https://app.gitbook.com/s/s2e4XAiS8YASeBqQCRG7/equipment/approximating-golds-value/economics/mana-donation">donate mana</a> to receive 5 GBP per point you burn. See link for more stipulations.</td></tr><tr><td>Church Regular</td><td>You regularly attend services, work directly in the church or otherwise. For each week you can earn 20 GBP.</td></tr><tr><td>Conversion</td><td>Convince another to your side. Once a creature you had a significant influence on becomes a church regular, you gain 100 GBP.</td></tr><tr><td>Destroy Minor Enemy(s)</td><td>100 GBP. A group of minor enemies typically consists of level 3 or lower creatures in direct opposition of your god.</td></tr><tr><td>Destroy Intermdiate Enemy(s)</td><td>500 GBP. An intermediate enemy is typically level 4-6</td></tr><tr><td>Destroy Major Enemy(s)</td><td>1k GBP. A group of major enemies typically consists of level 7 or higher creatures that are in direct opposition of your god.</td></tr><tr><td>Destroy Mortal Enemy(s)</td><td>30k GBP. And mortal enemy is a specific known creature of great significance. Often creatures other gods have given tier 3 favor to, or someone (or a group of people) the god particularly doesn't like.</td></tr></tbody></table>
