# Polymorph

These points are often used through other features and are referred to as <mark style="color:red;">adaptation points.</mark>

## <mark style="color:green;">General</mark>&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="136"></th><th width="83"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Burrow        </td><td>(3)</td><td>Gain a burrow speed of 5.  You leave a trail behind</td></tr><tr><td>Big</td><td>(1/3)</td><td>Increase size to large for 1 point. Huge for 3</td></tr><tr><td>Charge</td><td>(1)</td><td>Gain +2 attack for 1 round when you charge</td></tr><tr><td>Constrict</td><td>(1)</td><td>The first time you succeed on a grapple check a round, deal natural attack damage.</td></tr><tr><td>Flight</td><td>(4)</td><td>Gain a fly speed equal to speed</td></tr><tr><td>Launch</td><td>(1)</td><td>As a standard action, launch a thorn, spine etc 30/60ft to do natural attack damage.  Use str or dex</td></tr><tr><td>Manhandle</td><td>(3)</td><td>Get a +4 bonus to attack with combat maneuvers</td></tr><tr><td>Mad Hops</td><td>(1)</td><td>Increase the distance the jump action brings you by 5 ft. You can jump vertically as far as you can jump horizontally.</td></tr><tr><td>Nocturnal</td><td>(1)</td><td>Gain nightvision</td></tr><tr><td>Prehensile</td><td>(1)</td><td>Your appendages (trunk/tail) have improved precision, allowing you to finely manipulate objects, hold things etc. If you don't have one, grow one.</td></tr><tr><td>Reach</td><td>(2)</td><td>Increase your natural reach by 5 feet.</td></tr><tr><td>Sprint</td><td>(1)</td><td>Spend a swift action to dash, 1 minute cooldown.</td></tr><tr><td>Speed</td><td>(1)</td><td>Choose another speed (swim/climb), or increase base speed by 10</td></tr><tr><td>Skill</td><td>(?)</td><td>Gain a bonus to a skill equal to 1+points spent (max 4)</td></tr><tr><td>Small</td><td>(1/3)</td><td>Decrease size to small for 1 point, tiny for 3 (being tiny decreases reach to 0)</td></tr><tr><td>Stampede</td><td>(2)</td><td><p>FRA move your speed+15, or double that in a straight line, moving through other creature's spaces. Any creature whose space you move through takes (natural attack dmg+lvl) and is knocked down. </p><p>Creatures can choose to either AoO or make a reflex save to negate knockdown and halve damage.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Venom</td><td>(2)</td><td>Choose a single natural attack, it applies poison on hit.</td></tr></tbody></table>

&#x20;

## <mark style="color:green;">Animal</mark>

<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="164"></th><th width="60"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Adapt</td><td>(1)</td><td>Choose a hostile environment to exist comfortably in (arctic, deep ocean, volcanic etc)</td></tr><tr><td>Ant Haul</td><td>(1)</td><td>Increase carry weight by 100</td></tr><tr><td>Bonk/Jolt/Chill</td><td>(3)</td><td>Choose a natural attack.  It staggers one round on-hit (fort negates).</td></tr><tr><td>Bleed</td><td>(1)</td><td>Choose a natural attack.  It applies d4 bleed on hit.  Add another d4 @5 and every 5 after.</td></tr><tr><td>Blood Scent</td><td>(3)</td><td>The range of your scent increases to 100 feet against wounded creatures and you get +5 to perception against them. Gain seeking against wounded creatures.</td></tr><tr><td>Bother</td><td>(1)</td><td>Make noise to taunt an enemy within 30 feet into attacking you (will negates).  Lasts 1 minute, but the taunted creature gets a new save after each turn.</td></tr><tr><td>Color Change</td><td>(1)</td><td>In any turn where you do not move, gain a +10 circumstance bonus to stealth. You can hide in plain sight, but not if hiding while observed.</td></tr><tr><td>Cling</td><td>(1)</td><td>Your climb speed can be used on any solid surface, like roofs and slick walls</td></tr><tr><td>Colorful</td><td>(1)</td><td>By concentrating you can show off strange patterns or movements to fascinate a creature within 30 feet, but only for 1 minute at a time (will negates).</td></tr><tr><td>Death Roll</td><td>(1)</td><td>As an added grapple maintain option, you can knock down your opponent automatically.</td></tr><tr><td>Echolocation</td><td>(4)</td><td>Gain blindsense 30 ft (sound based).  Gain weakness sonic 5</td></tr><tr><td>Glide</td><td>(1)</td><td>While not movement impaired, take no fall damage. When falling, move horizontally 5 feet per 1 foot fallen at a speed of 60.</td></tr><tr><td>Grace</td><td>(1)</td><td>You cannot be knocked down or drained from falling.  Fall damage is 1 for every 10 ft you fall.</td></tr><tr><td>Pointy</td><td>(1)</td><td>Creatures attacking you with non-reach melee attacks take your level in piercing damage. This effect cannot happen more than once a turn. Damage resolved after attack completes.</td></tr><tr><td>Stink Spray</td><td>(1)</td><td>As a standard action, make a ranged attack against a creature within 30 ft.  If you hit they are Sickened (2) for 1 minute.</td></tr><tr><td>Spinneret</td><td>(1)</td><td>As a standard action, make a ranged attack against a creature within 30 ft.  If you hit they are entangled.  Can be removed as a standard action with a DC 10 athletics check or 15 from the entangled creature.  With 5 minutes create a 10x10 web that entangles creatures that come into direct contact with it.  You can't get stuck in it.</td></tr><tr><td>Toboggan</td><td>(1)</td><td>Ignore slippery difficult terrain.  Move at double speed by sliding on belly while on said terrain.</td></tr><tr><td>Tongue</td><td>(1)</td><td>Make combat maneuvers to drag at 30 ft range without penalty</td></tr><tr><td>Turtle Up</td><td>(1)</td><td>The total defense action also gives DRA 4</td></tr><tr><td>Water Spray</td><td>(2)</td><td>Make combat maneuvers to topple or shove at 30 ft range without penalty</td></tr><tr><td>Other</td><td>(?)</td><td>Some animals are weird.  If you’ve got an idea, work it out with DM.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## <mark style="color:green;">Plant</mark>

<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="161"></th><th width="56"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Aroma</td><td>(1)</td><td>Smell nice for no mechanical benefit.  You cannot smell bad while this persists.</td></tr><tr><td>Clover</td><td>(5)</td><td>Once per minute during the duration of this transformation, reroll a d20</td></tr><tr><td>Fruiting</td><td>(1)</td><td>Generate edible plant matter that grows from your body.  Gain wis items that heal 4 when eaten (pluck and eat in one standard).</td></tr><tr><td>Photosynthesis</td><td>(1)</td><td>When in direct natural sunlight, gain FH 1</td></tr><tr><td>Roots</td><td>(1)</td><td>Get a +4 bonus to poise and to saves versus effects that move you from your position</td></tr><tr><td>Spores</td><td>(1)</td><td>Erupt in sleepy spores in a 5 ft radius or choose a creature within 20 feet (standard).  Fort save or fall asleep. Recharges after 1 round.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## <mark style="color:green;">Elemental</mark>&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="146"></th><th width="55"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Earth Glide</td><td>(4)</td><td>Better burrow!  Works in stone, lava (which still hurts you without resistance or adaptation) and more!  Don’t leave a trail behind.  Speed 10</td></tr><tr><td>Element Form</td><td>(1)</td><td>As a standard action, turn into a puddle, rock, fire or visible gas.  If you are evaporated, drank,crushed, put out or inhaled, the transformation ends and you take 10 damage.</td></tr><tr><td>Flow</td><td>(1)</td><td>Difficult terrain does not affect your movement speed.</td></tr><tr><td>Let's Get Salty        </td><td>(1)</td><td>Any creature you successfully deal damage to with a melee attack Is taunted for 1 round</td></tr><tr><td>Quake</td><td>(3)</td><td>Standard action, pound the ground to combat maneuver (trip) groundborne creatures within 10 feet</td></tr><tr><td>Wettest Water</td><td>(1)</td><td>Become a formless watery version of yourself that can slip through any space water can flow.  Fire you touch automatically goes out and you can attempt to dispel fire effects you touch (bonus lvl+5)</td></tr><tr><td>Weatherman</td><td>(2)</td><td>See through fog, heavy rain, smoke etc</td></tr></tbody></table>

## <mark style="color:green;">Goober</mark>&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="121"></th><th width="58"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Stretch</td><td>(1)</td><td>Increase reach by 10 ft during your turn, or 30 ft if you do not make any attacks.</td></tr><tr><td>Copycat</td><td>(4)</td><td><p>Assume the form of a specific creature you have seen and abandon your gooey aesthetic. Gives</p><p>+2 disguise. Cannot be combined with skill for bigger disguise.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Anytool</td><td>(1)</td><td>Grow an additional limb in the shape of a specific tool, like hammer, crowbar, pitchfork etc.</td></tr><tr><td>Osmosis</td><td>(1)</td><td>You can innately cast osmosis at will. (Shroomlette 2)</td></tr><tr><td>Snack</td><td>(1)</td><td>You can eat poison. As a standard action, roll attack against the poisons DC. If successful, the poison is removed and you heal 5 hp. If you fail, the poison is not to your tastes and you cannot try to eat it again.</td></tr><tr><td>Slimed</td><td>(2)</td><td>Whenever you land a natural attack/unarmed strike against a creature, its speed is reduced to zero as it is stuck to you. You lose access to this natural attack until the creature is unstuck. The creature can automatically escape as a swift action.</td></tr></tbody></table>
