---
icon: wand-sparkles
---

# Magic Weapon Properties

These properties can be attached to most weapons. Classes like fighter and magus can add these properties to their weapon temporarily.

A weapon can typically only be enchanted with one of these properties.\
Such enchantments cost <mark style="color:red;">5,000 gold.</mark>

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="167"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Bane</td><td>+2 att/dmg vs a specific creature type (plant, giant, etc).<br>Feels strange to hold a weapon baned against your creature type</td></tr><tr><td>Benevolent</td><td>Increase the bonus of the aid action by +2 while in combat while wielding this weapon (doesn't stack with itself).</td></tr><tr><td>Diving</td><td>This weapon doesn't have reduced effectiveness when used underwater.</td></tr><tr><td>Elemental</td><td>Weapon can swap between its usual damage and a specific type of elemental damage (determined on creation) as a free action 1/turn.</td></tr><tr><td>Fortuitous</td><td>Once per round, when the wielder of a fortuitous weapon hits with an attack of opportunity, they can make a second attack of opportunity with this weapon against that foe at a –5 penalty.</td></tr><tr><td>Ghost Touch</td><td>Weapon treats incorporeal creatures as corporeal</td></tr><tr><td>Grounding</td><td>Weapon attacks against flying creatures inflict grounded for 1 round (fort negates)</td></tr><tr><td>Hemorrhaging</td><td>Weapon gains the bleed property.</td></tr><tr><td>Impervious</td><td>DR 10 vs ALL sunder, not just against the enchanted item</td></tr><tr><td>Invigorating</td><td>When you defeat a creature with this weapon, you lose the fatigued condition. If you are not fatigued, get +10 speed this turn.</td></tr><tr><td>Locking</td><td>On hit you can lock the weapon in place, entangling the creature struck (reflex negates). While entangling a creature, you cannot use the weapon.</td></tr><tr><td>Mimetic</td><td>Weapon attacks against a creature allows the wielder to copy one of the creatures elemental resistances for one round. You can only have one copied resistance at a time. On hit the wielder has an intuitive sense the creature is resistant to, allowing them to choose.</td></tr><tr><td>Phase Locking</td><td>On hit apply anchored for 1 round. Anchored creatures cannot use teleportation effects.</td></tr><tr><td>Radiant</td><td>The weapon is constantly emitting light as per the <a href="https://app.gitbook.com/s/2kNIiIcUKxqLFlLgDKSI/magical-techniques/prismancy/level-3/radiance">Radiance</a> spell.</td></tr><tr><td>Returning</td><td>As a free action, you can call your weapon back to your hand. If it is within 60 feet of you it returns instantly. Anything beyond requires 3 rounds. If there are any physical barriers preventing its return, this does not work.<br>If a creature possesses the weapon (reflex negates).</td></tr><tr><td>Seeking</td><td>Weapon attacks ignore partial concealment, total concealment and other forms of miss chance created by the environment or magic.</td></tr><tr><td>Summon Bane</td><td>Functions as bane, but against summoned creatures.</td></tr><tr><td>Sticky</td><td>DR 10 vs ALL disarm, not just against the enchanted item</td></tr><tr><td>Transformative</td><td>As a swift action you can change your weapon into another type of weapon of any type (sword>gun>dagger etc).<br>You can use this to give new special attacks based on damage type, but not special attacks that normally require weapon points like determination.</td></tr><tr><td>Vicious</td><td>+2 dmg. On hit the wielder takes 2 true damage.</td></tr></tbody></table>
