# Wrestling Moves

<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="150"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Chokeslam</td><td>You grab your opponent by the throat, lift them up and slam them into a nearby solid object to knock the wind out of them.  They are staggered and silenced for one round (fortitude negates silence).</td></tr><tr><td>Bear Hug</td><td>You wrap your arms around your opponent, then squeeze, shake and thrash around. You make them clumsy 2 (fort negates). Any grapple you initiate with a bear hug deals your unarmed strike damage every turn you begin or maintain it (but only once a round).  This counts as and does not stack with constrict<br>Bear hug does not end your grapple.</td></tr><tr><td>Yeet</td><td>You lift your opponent into the air and throw them (regardless of weight). You can throw an opponent up to 10 feet. They are knocked down (fort negates). With maneuver master, this movement also provokes AoOs.</td></tr><tr><td>Backbreaker Drop</td><td>You hold your opponent on your shoulders, take a knee and bring them down onto it in one swift motion. Your opponent is knocked down for 2 turns (fort reduces 1 turn).</td></tr><tr><td>Twister</td><td>You lift your opponent over your head and rapidly spin them around like you're making them into a pizza. Your opponent is sickened 2 for one minute. They also have blurred vision for the duration (fort negates).</td></tr><tr><td>Piledriver</td><td>You twist the foe such that his head is hanging above the ground then slam them down onto the ground.  Your opponent is confused for one round (fort negates).</td></tr><tr><td>Suplex</td><td>You grab your opponent, lift them into the air and fall backwards to slam them into the ground.  You plant them into the ground, entangling them (fort negates) until they break out/are pulled out (class DC athletics, +2 if finisher).</td></tr><tr><td>Giant Swing</td><td>You lift the foe up by their legs and swing them around into another target.  Make an attack against another enemy in your reach. If your attack is successful, they both take the same damage.  If you miss/graze the secondary target, the initial target takes unarmed damage with no additional effect.  If you successfully land the attack, both targets are dazed for one round (fort negates).</td></tr><tr><td>Patrol</td><td><p>Special: This move can exclusively be used as a prepared action.</p><p>You wait and watch to protect your friends. If a creature you are aware of attacks an ally within 30 feet of you, immediately lunge at them and grapple them [elusive]. If you succeed, the creature cannot attack anybody but you, and you take the attack instead of your ally.<br>patrol does not end your grapple.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Showstopper</td><td>Special: Must be initiated as part of a charge.<br>Pick up your enemy as you run at them, lift them in the air carrying them up to what your movement allows and cause a shockwave from the impact of slamming them into the ground. The initial target and creatures within 15 feet of the impact are staggered for 1 round (fort negates).</td></tr><tr><td>Huracanrana</td><td><p>Special: You can jump as high/far as your speed allows to initiate this move</p><p>You jump onto your opponent's shoulders and wrap your legs around their head, then twist or flip to fling them to the ground. A flying opponent is thrown to the ground and cushions the wrestlers fall, taking appropriate fall damage.  They are grounded for 1 minute (fort negates).</p></td></tr><tr><td>Seismic Toss</td><td>Pick up your enemy and throw them very high into the sky. They are treated as through they are 100 ft in the air during their next turn. They do not take fall damage.</td></tr></tbody></table>
