# 💲 Approximating Gold's Value

As a general rule, I have loosely tied the value of gold to the USD. Average laborers like farmers can be expected to make \~10-20k gold every year, with the amount increasing with more sophisticated trades such as smiths or merchants.

Gold pieces are small coins and are virtually weightless due to the minting process performed by the financial wizards. Another benefit of this minting is it causes gold pieces to naturally stack into specific values (5, 10, 20, 100, 1000).\
Someone can easily hold 100g in their pockets, 1000g in a dedicated pouch. Anything more and they are bulging at the seams and would be better off with a bank.

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="106.199951171875"></th><th width="118"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td> </td><td>Roundabout Cost</td><td>Description</td></tr><tr><td>Cheap</td><td>1 - 100 gold</td><td>Cheap items are purchased several times throughout the day typically. Includes things like food, camping supplies, common alchemy goods, lodging and such. On the low end you might get a piece of candy, winter clothes or a dagger. On the high end you could get a specialized tool like a fishing rod, a great sword or a steel padlock.</td></tr><tr><td>Common</td><td>100 - 1k</td><td>Common items are generally purchased less often than cheap ones by most. Includes things like heavy armor, low impact magic items and exceptional alchemical goods. On the low end you get something like a furnace, a med kit or a cape of ever flowing. On the high end you get something like troll oil, or super goo.</td></tr><tr><td>Expensive</td><td>1k - 10k</td><td>Expensive items must be saved up for my most. These include transportation vehicles, the average magic item and goods made with rare metals. On the low end you get something like a magic weapon. On the high end you get something like a cannon, a sailing ship or a meager home.</td></tr><tr><td>Rare</td><td>10k - 100k</td><td>Rare items are usually reserved for the rich, or require loans, savings or groups to purchase. Things like sizable houses, battleships, and masterfully crafted items</td></tr><tr><td>Legendary</td><td>100k+</td><td>Reserved almost exclusively for powerful magic items and large scale projects.</td></tr></tbody></table>

