---
icon: 🌖
---
Her Smoliness the Goddess Brazzeria is the goddess of redemption, often revered by the [[Hellion]] her followers create. Brazzeria is unique in that she and her followers can see the good in all but the most depraved of souls. More importantly, they also believe such creatures can be saved. They often form close intimate and personal relationships with people and creatures that many find unsavory. Combine that with their tendency towards acceptance of sexual deviancy and Brazzeria has a mixed reputation.

Regardless of what mortals think, the immortal fiends of the world fear Brazzerian priests and priestesses more than anything. Brazzerian missionaries will travel to the fiendish infestations in the world to capture as many as possible for conversion, even traveling into the demon realm itself to keep a steady flow of purification rituals.

Brazzeria is depicted as a light-skinned, small catgirl with feathered wings. Her skin is mostly bare with a few golden tattoos. She wears minimal clothing, preferring to wear the coif portion of a nun's habit, and an ill-fitting one that allows her golden hair to spill out of it. Outside of that she wears stockings and sleeve warmers, leaving a [[censorship fairy]] to cover up the rest.


<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="196">Method</th><th>Details/Gains</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Capture</td><td>Fiends who are dead cannot be purified, and so therefore capturing them is an integral part of Brazzerian practices. Capturing creatures nets a similar type of bonus as "slay enemies of" on the default favor page, but the values are doubled if you manage to capture fiends.</td></tr><tr><td>Secure Specimen</td><td>Some fiends are very rare, such as those who were born fiends. Capturing one such creature nets 500*(creatures lvl) GBP.</td></tr><tr><td>Dethrone Lord</td><td>Demon Lords are the highest tier of creature that can be claimed. If killed, grants value as defeating a mortal enemy. If captured, grants 100k GBP.</td></tr><tr><td>Dethrone Duke</td><td>Demonic Dukes and Duchesses are a loose way of referring to other powerful and influential fiends, but that aren't as well known and feared by all mortals who hear their name.<br>Half the kill and capture values of a demon lord.</td></tr><tr><td>Next Level</td><td>Introduce a romantic partner you have been together with for at least 3 months to the idea of polyamory. It is commonplace (though not compulsory) among dedicated to Brazzerians to mingle with one another, the demons they capture and the hellion they create.<br>By opening a relationship to such opportunities, you gain 300 GBP.</td></tr><tr><td>Enemies</td><td>Demonic cultists, monstrous fiends</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:red;">Mortal Enemies</mark></td><td>Proselytes of the Golden Order during a crusade against fiends.<br>Leaders of demon hunting organizations.</td></tr></tbody></table>

