The goal here is to create things that both have some kind of general mechanical benefit while also having some kind of role play to the curse.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Child</span>
You’re just a kid. Those afflicted with the child curse can never grow up. They have the minds of someone much older than they appear mixed with an odd assortment of child-like tendencies and interests.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit</span> - You are one size category smaller than what is normal for your race. Your apparent age cannot be magically altered, even through [[polymorph]] effects.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Drawback</span> - Whenever you try to appeal to authority to someone unfamiliar with your curse, you take a -2 penalty to any [[Skill Check]] related. You take a -2 penalty to [[poise]].
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Empathetic</span>
You love people. Those afflicted with the empathetic curse consider most people their friends, and find it difficult to treat others harshly, even those on the other side of the battlefield. Woe to he who makes an enemy of an empathetic oracle.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit </span>- When you cast a spell or use an ability to restore [[+HP]], it heals an additional 3 HP. Whenever you [[defeat]] a creature, they instead gain the [[time out]] condition.
- Drawback - You are physically unable to intentionally and knowingly kill living creatures, even when magically compelled to do so. You can't leave a creature defeated in a dangerous scenario.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Special</span> - In scenarios where compulsively healing people equates to suicide (such as in a warzone) you can ignore the compulsion to save lives.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Follower</span>
You live for someone else. Those afflicted with the follower curse have separation anxiety turned up to 11. Whoever they are bound to is burdened with the undying loyalty of their companion.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit</span> - Choose another creature to form a permanent bond with. You can move in tandem with them if you have the movement. You can choose to be the target of a harmful effect targeting your bond as an instant action. If the effect is [[AoE]] and would target both of you, you can instead choose to automatically have them pass while you automatically fail. You get a +10 bonus to any [[Skill Check|skill checks]] related to your bond ([[+Medicine]] to [[First Aid (P)|first aid]], [[+Perception]] to tell if someone is disguised as them etc). You can innately cast [[Reincarnate]], but only targeting your bond. It also function on them if they are dead.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Drawback</span> - If you have not seen your bond for 1 minute, you are [[shaken]] 1. This is considered [[Permanent Status]] as long as your bond is not around. 
  If you have not seen your bond for 1 hour, you are shaken 3. 
  If you have not seen your bond for 1 day, you receive the prior penalties and cannot do anything other than search for them unless physically prevented from doing so. In the event you are shown convincing evidence that your bond is dead, you attempt to use resurrection magic to get them back. If that is impossible, you are shaken 3 for one week before you must select a new curse, or a new bond.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Frenetic</span>
Can you quit moving? Those afflicted with the frenetic curse are excellent multitaskers. They’re always pacing around and touching things when they do anything.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit </span>- You get a +4 bonus to [[AC]] when provoking an [[AoO]]. Increase your [[Land Speed]] by 10.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Drawback</span> - You must move at least 10 feet every round. You cannot [[Taking 20|take 20]]. If you cannot move, such as while [[Grapple|grappled]], you take 3 [[true damage]] at the end of your turn.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Generous</span>
You love to give to others. Those afflicted with the generous curse always tip, always take the tab and will gladly buy things for others.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit</span> - Any money that you donate to charity or pay with the curses drawback is put into a “good will” fund. At any time you can call upon this fund to have some non magic positive (and somewhat realistic) occurrence to happen of your choosing. For example you could have a pair of horses delivered to you in your hour of need, then subtract the cost of two horses from your fund. If you sell these gifts then your good will fund immediately depletes and goes negative equal to double the gold gained from selling the gifts.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Drawback</span> - Whenever you spend gold (not including your good will), you spend an additional 20% more gold to make whoever you’re paying happy. You cannot intentionally and knowingly steal money or possessions from others, or participate in plans to do so.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Special</span> - Some scenarios related to this curse are left up to interpretation. If you wanna make a cool heist mission where you're stealing from a tomb then you can realistically make an exception. But if you’re just casting buffs on a rogue while they rob people blind, that’s a no go.
  Realistic for the benefit just means no milk delivery when cows are extinct. If the player can come up with a creative way to get what they want, then you should give it to them, or increase the cost.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Honest</span>
You just can't help but speak the truth. Those afflicted with the honest curse are rarely trusted with secrets. Their honesty is seen as a virtue to many, but it gets them into trouble quite often when they suddenly start getting quiet, or worse, when they run their mouth.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit </span>- When you surpass the DC of an [[+Insight]] check to [[Convince Truth]] by 5, they automatically blurt out the truth. You get a +5 bonus on checks to convince truth.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Drawback </span>- You cannot knowingly tell a lie. Not even a half-truth. You are compelled to answer questions to the best of your knowledge. The best you can do to not reveal your deepest secrets is to not speak at all.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Horny</span>
Your mind is often filled with lustful thoughts. Those afflicted with the horny curse often tell dirty jokes and hit on anything with a pulse. Worse yet they tend to have deviant tastes.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit </span>- You gain post nut clarity. After nutting/helping someone achieve nut, you may glean information from your intimate bond. You effectively ask a question and receive an answer in three or less words. The subject does not know you gleaned this information.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Drawback </span>- Your partner also gets to glean information about you with the same restrictions. You know what they gleaned.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Identity Crisis</span>
Who are you? Those afflicted with the identity crisis curse are really good at not being themselves. Thoughtful parents give their lil’ curse bearers unisex names.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit</span> - You can assume the form of any [[+Races|race]] with a duration of one hour 1/day. It doesn’t affect your racial features. You cannot choose to look like the other you (see drawback).
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Drawback</span> - Every monday morning you wake up as a new person, swapping between two different people. In your head you’re still you, but you look completely different. You still stay the same race, but you swap genders, change size and shape, eye color, all the above and more! You take a -5 penalty to any skill check to convince someone that you're still you if they haven't experienced both yous a few times or aren't a close friend, family etc.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Loner</span>
You just want to be alone. Those afflicted with the loner curse are physically drained when in the presence of other people, and thrive when left to their own devices. Confrontation is terrible, especially when they have to do the confronting.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit</span> - You get a +2 bonus to [[+Saving Throw|saving throws]] when you aren't being threatened and no allies are adjacent to you. When you aren't in the presence of other creatures you get a +2 bonus to [[Skill Check|skill checks]]. Something like a familiar, [[companion]] creature or a pet can be a reasonable exception.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Drawback</span> - You take a -2 penalty to any opposed skill check. You cannot benefit from or provide [[flanking]]. You cannot perform or benefit from the [[Aid]] action.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Mute</span>
You’d love to chat, if only you could. Those afflicted with the mute curse cannot speak, but are much better at developing intimate connections with those you physically interact with.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit</span> - You can cast spells while silenced. You learn sign language as a bonus language. You can telepathically communicate via touch. Your communication happens simultaneously to all creatures touched. While in direct contact with someone, you have advantage on skill checks against them.
- Drawback - 
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Oblivious</span>
You have no idea how bad things really are. Those afflicted with the oblivious curse have things fly right over their heads all the time, sometimes to their benefit!
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit </span>- You get a +4 bonus versus [[fear]] effects. You get a +4 bonus to [[AC]] and [[+Saving Throw|saving throws]] until you act in combat. These bonuses stack. Whenever making a saving throw out of combat, also add these bonuses.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Drawback</span> - You take a -4 penalty on [[+Perception]] and [[+Insight]]. You do not gain perception as a skill. You cannot gain perception or insight as skills from any source.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Possessed</span>
You share your body…Literally! Those afflicted with the possessed curse have another creature's spirit inhabiting their body. Luckily this spirit has a sense of self-preservation, but it does like having some personal space…Your personal space.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit</span> - When you are, [[Dazed]], [[Defeated]] or suffering from a similar kind of status effect that prevents you from acting, you can still do anything that only requires the use of a single arm (such as drink potions, swing a one-handed weapon or manipulate an object). You still cannot cast spells while CC’d. You have a speed of 5 feet while suffering from such conditions.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Drawback</span> - You only have access to one of your arms. Your off-hand cannot be used to wear a shield, wield a weapon or perform complex tasks that generally require two hands.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Special</span> - The DM and player should consider the creature that is possessing the limb and perhaps during special moments, or while doing something the possessor likes, the spirit concedes control of the limb to its original owner.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Retrospective</span>
You’re always dwelling on the past. Those afflicted with the retrospective curse constantly reminisce about the great things that happened in their past. By the same token, the negative events that happen to them weigh heavy on their mind for much longer than most.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit </span>- You are [[Immunity|immune]] to effects that magically alter your memory. You recall everything you have ever experienced with perfect clarity. You can innately cast [[Memory Movie]] at-will (self only).
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Drawback </span>- When you are suffering from an [[affliction]], any numeric penalties are doubled. If it does not have a numerical penalty, it takes twice as long, or costs twice as much as normal to cure because the memory of your tragedies are so vivid. You recover 1 stack of [[Drained|drain]] every 2 days instead of 1 each day.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Racist</span>
You hate x people. Those afflicted with the racist curse generally have a disdain for creatures that don’t look and talk like them. They channel this distaste into hatred for a few in particular.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit</span> - Choose 3 [[+Races]]. When in combat against them, increase your [[Land Speed]] to 120. You have [[Advantage]] on any opposed skill checks against these creatures, so long as such interactions can be considering "unfriendly." (aka, no persuasion or something like it)
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Drawback</span> - As long as a creature of this race is standing, you must end each of your turns [[Threaten|threatening]] one if you are physically able. You must use all of your actions to harm and impede these creatures. If you can't, then you [[dash]] to move closer to them.
## <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Twinned</span>
You're like brothers, only closer. Those afflicted with the twinned curse come with a +1. They have 2 heads and share control over the body.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Benefit </span>- You have a [[commoner]] attached to you that matches your [[LvL]]. You have primarily control of your body and your head has no actions of its own, but can still sense normally and speak. This gives you access to 3 more skills, one of which must be [[+Profession]], and potentially new race features.
  As an instant action, your other half can shove you 5 ft 1/minute. They can also perform simple interactions such as grabbing things, opening doors etc using this same cooldown.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Drawback</span> - You must concede control of your body in order to use these bonus skills/race features. This requires a free action. Your other head can concede control similarly, or you can forcefully take control by making your other half pass a will save 1/minute. You can also shove them.
  When your other head is in control it uses its own stat array, skill bonuses, racial features etc. This happens automatically while you are sleeping and the other head isn't, though most loud/physical activities will wake you up.
- <span style="color:rgb(103, 254, 120)">Special</span> - Because this curse requires cooperation, using it to fuse with enemies can be very challenging. Proceed with caution.


