---
icon: frog
---

# Wild Magic

When you trigger wild magic, first roll a d4 to determine which chart you roll on. <mark style="color:red;">1 is red</mark>, <mark style="color:yellow;">2 is yellow</mark>, <mark style="color:purple;">3 is purple</mark> <mark style="color:green;">and 4 is green.</mark>

After that, roll d20s until you get a result on the chart. Hopefully eventually there will be more than 20!

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="57.60003662109375">Dice Roll</th><th width="147.60003662109375">Name</th><th>Effect</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td><mark style="color:red;">Worst Nightmare</mark></td><td>A [figment] of one of the caster's (no doubt numerous) fears appears somewhere within 30 feet of them (GM decides where) and spooks you, causing you to be frightened until it is proven to not be real.</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td><mark style="color:red;">Disarmed</mark></td><td>Your dominant arm falls off. Grab off the ground and reattach as a standard action or 30 ft of movement.</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td><mark style="color:red;">Stop right there criminal scum</mark></td><td>You cannot willingly move from your current position until the end of your next turn while you are harassed by the fun police.</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td><mark style="color:red;">Baby Mode</mark></td><td>Turn into a baby version of yourself until you spend a standard action making baby noises. This changes none of your statistics. You are affected as per <a href="https://app.gitbook.com/s/2kNIiIcUKxqLFlLgDKSI/martial-techniques/protector/level-1/sanctuary-su">Sanctuary</a> but it lasts for 1 minute. You can choose to stay a baby for as long as you desire.</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td><mark style="color:red;">Hot Potato</mark></td><td><p>Burst into painful rainbow flames, taking d6 (3) force damage immediately and another d6 (3) at the start of each of your turns until you stop, drop and roll (30 feet of movement), or succeed on a melee attack to pass it on to another creature. </p><p>That creature can pass it along or get rid of it with the same methods. Ends after creature it is attached to is defeated.</p></td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td><mark style="color:red;">Invisible Spray</mark></td><td>Your pants turn invisible until dispelled or properly washed.  If not your pants, whatever covers your underwear. You cannot escape the embarrassment unless you are naked.</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td><mark style="color:red;">Grass Type</mark></td><td>Become a potted plant until the start of your next turn. Functions as <a href="https://app.gitbook.com/s/2kNIiIcUKxqLFlLgDKSI/magical-techniques/mother-earth/level-1/tree-shape">Tree Shape</a>, but you're a wee potted plant.</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td><mark style="color:red;">You Died</mark></td><td>Horribly. Then you respawn in a new body in the same state you were in moments ago, but with one less health. Roll on the resurrection chart after combat.</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td><mark style="color:red;">Turbo Thrusters</mark></td><td>Roll a d4. 1=North, 2=East, 3=South, 4=West. Move 60 feet in that direction. </td></tr></tbody></table>

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="57.60003662109375">Dice Roll</th><th width="147.60003662109375">Name</th><th>Effect</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td><mark style="color:yellow;">The Box</mark></td><td>You are surrounded by a semi-opaque forcefield on all sides (including underneath) until the end of your next turn, essentially trapping and protecting you.</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td><mark style="color:yellow;">Achoo!</mark></td><td>The force of the magic cast causes you to sneeze.  This magic-infused sneeze vaults you in the opposite from the direction you were facing (10*lvl of spell slot expended) feet [elusive]. If you impact a solid surface along your path, take d6 (3) crush damage. If you cast a spell that doesn’t have a specific target direction (such as a self only spell) you are always vaulted north.</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td><mark style="color:yellow;">Embiggen</mark></td><td>+1 size category until you wake up the next day (stacks). </td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td><mark style="color:yellow;">Ensmollen</mark></td><td> -1 size category until you wake up the next day (stacks).</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td><mark style="color:yellow;">Incoming</mark></td><td>A shadow appears over your current space (or something like that).  A very heavy object falls on that space by the end of your next turn dealing 10d6 (35) crush damage to whatever it lands on.</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td><mark style="color:yellow;">LEARN!</mark></td><td>A book with a topic relevant to what you're currently doing falls on your head. You take d6 (3) crush damage but potentially gain insight into your current task, giving you a +4 bonus to an associated skill.</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td><mark style="color:yellow;">Wet</mark></td><td>You get wet. You’re wet now. This kills the viking.</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td><mark style="color:yellow;">The Answer</mark></td><td>Your current health changes to 42</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td><mark style="color:yellow;">Swap</mark></td><td>The target of your spell swaps places with you. If the effect is AoE, swap with a randomly chosen creature. If the target is yourself or doesn't effect a creature, this effect is stored until you cast a spell that does.</td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td><mark style="color:yellow;">Divinity Gaming</mark></td><td>You and all creatures within 10 feet of you are set ablaze.</td></tr><tr><td>11</td><td><mark style="color:yellow;">Lost in the Sauce</mark></td><td>A barrel of sauce appears in your space.  It grants you cover but you must take spend 30 movement to exit the barrel. You become wet.</td></tr><tr><td>12</td><td><mark style="color:yellow;">Mix Up</mark></td><td>Swap places with an ally (determined randomly among all allies).</td></tr></tbody></table>

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="57.60003662109375">Dice Roll</th><th width="147.60003662109375">Name</th><th>Effect</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td><mark style="color:purple;">So Handsome</mark></td><td>You grow a THICK handlebar mustache until you wake up the next day.</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td><mark style="color:purple;">Thank Mr Skeltal</mark></td><td>Your skeleton briefly hops out of your body and plays the trumpet, as per <a href="https://app.gitbook.com/s/2kNIiIcUKxqLFlLgDKSI/magical-techniques/necromancy/level-1/mr-skeltal">Mr Skeltal</a>.</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td><mark style="color:purple;">Genderbend</mark></td><td>If male, turn into a HOT BABE version of yourself until you wake up the next day.  If female, turn into a HOT DUDE version of yourself until you wake up the next day.</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td><mark style="color:purple;">Blessing of Frogg-Saran</mark></td><td>You gain a frog friend that kills itself in some spectacular way by the end of the day.</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td><mark style="color:purple;">Blue Attack</mark></td><td>You’re blue now. That’s my attack. Must use magic (such as dispel magic) to return to your normal colors.</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td><mark style="color:purple;">Big Head Mode</mark></td><td>Your head increases in size to be comically large until you wake up the next day as per the <a href="https://app.gitbook.com/s/2kNIiIcUKxqLFlLgDKSI/magical-techniques/nack/level-2/big-head-mode">Big Head Mode</a> technique.</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td><mark style="color:purple;">Second Amendment</mark></td><td>Gain bear arms until you wake up the next day for no mechanical benefit.  They're fuzzy I guess.</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td><mark style="color:purple;">Morality</mark></td><td>A tiny angel and devil version of yourself float over your shoulders and start backseat gaming or judging the morality of your actions.  Nobody else can see them.</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td><mark style="color:purple;">Signature Spell</mark></td><td>An arcane mark of your choosing appears somewhere on the target of your spell’s body.</td></tr></tbody></table>

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="57.60003662109375">Dice Roll</th><th width="147.60003662109375">Name</th><th>Effect</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1</td><td><mark style="color:green;">Foxdie</mark></td><td>A friendly fox with 1 hp appears in the space next to you, taunting enemies within 30 ft.  It disappears when it takes damage, is poise broken or has a saving throw inflicted against it.</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td><mark style="color:green;">Spaghetti!</mark></td><td>Gain the effects of long arms until you wake up the next day.</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td><mark style="color:green;">Dark Souls Roll</mark></td><td>Move 5 feet [elusive]</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td><mark style="color:green;">Laser Eyes</mark></td><td>+4 circumstance bonus to intimidation for the rest of the day.</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td><mark style="color:green;">Buy One, Get One Free</mark></td><td>This spell doesn’t consume mana.  Roll again, if you get a 31, cast the spell again.  This can happen indefinitely.</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td><mark style="color:green;">Rainbow Mode</mark></td><td>You can change your skin color like a chameleon until you wake up the next day, giving you a +4 circumstance on stealth checks.</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td><mark style="color:green;">Tentacular</mark></td><td>You gain (spell lvl) tentacle attacks that all attack the nearest enemy within your natural reach (d6 base damage). If there is no enemy within range, they flail around all spooky like and disappear immediately.</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td><mark style="color:green;">Detect Thoughts</mark></td><td>Tune into the surface thoughts of a creature of your choosing that you can see.</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td><mark style="color:green;">Disco Nunu</mark></td><td>A disco ball appears above your head. Bronzelords fear this technique.  Enemies with a negative intelligence modifier are frightened of you until the start of your next turn.</td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td><mark style="color:green;">It's a Lie</mark></td><td>A delicious cake appears in your hands, or at your feet if your hands are occupied.</td></tr><tr><td>11</td><td><mark style="color:green;">Cheat Code</mark></td><td>A scroll of the spell you just cast appears in your hand, or at your feet if your hands are occupied.</td></tr><tr><td>12</td><td><mark style="color:green;">Fuck Gravity</mark></td><td>Gain a hover speed until you rest.</td></tr><tr><td>13</td><td><mark style="color:green;">Trolling</mark></td><td>Gain regeneration equal to the mana cost of the spell for one minute.</td></tr><tr><td>14</td><td><mark style="color:green;">Za Warudo</mark></td><td>The universe (minus you) gains stasis until the end of your next turn as you freeze time.</td></tr><tr><td>15</td><td><mark style="color:green;">MEDIC</mark></td><td>Two monkey medics with a stretcher appear at a location of your choosing to evacuate a defeated creature. They move 60 feet each round [elusive]. If no creatures are defeated, they instead use the carry action on an ally of your choosing. Taking damage causes them to disappear</td></tr></tbody></table>
