"As someone who comes from D&D, another very customiseable game, the "just fix it yourself" mentality is so pervasive even though the whole reason we use a tabletop RPG SYSTEM is that it should minimise how much actual game design non-game designers (i.e. players) should be doing. The best example of people being forced into the "game designer" position (who really shouldn't have been) is this well known issue that it wasn't worth casting healing spells in combat because they healed so little compared to incoming damage. Healers, who also have potent offensive magic, would just let people get to zero HP, then resuscitate them right before their turn with the weakest, lowest commitment healing spell so they both at least get to do some damage before the injured person goes down from the next thing that breathes on them. This was called "yo-yo healing" because combat would become a whack-a-mole game of people going down, then up and down again. 

For some reason, it became really popular to punish going unconscious with debuffs. This is like seeing smoke and trying to fan it away while making the fire underneath worse. Great, now the situation you don't really have the tools to avoid now punishes you further. With such a terrible "fix" being so popular, clearly being a game designer isn't an easy, "anyone can do it" job. It takes years of experience to get good at it. Most people were unable to identify the root cause of "yo-yo healing", which was eventually correctly addressed as low healing output 10 years later by the actual game designers when they buffed healing magic. 

That being said, the average player, and even modder, likely isn't that great at even identifying WHY something is a problem or why something is causing them to have less fun. After I started playing with KeepInventory, I started feeling dissatisfied after a while of using death as a way to just get back to my spawn. I couldn't just eject the "forbidden knowledge" from my head. What I eventually realised is that I DID want death to have some kind of punishment, I just didn't want it to cause "oh my god, I'm going to lose hours of progress!" kind of panic. The real solution ended up being installing a gravestone mod so I still had to collect my death loot."

[@floofzykitty5072](https://www.youtube.com/@floofzykitty5072) May 2025